---
title: IT Lesson 20/10/16
layout: post
author: thomas.allen2
permalink: /it-lesson-20/10/16/
source-id: 1H-W31ksV4CrNxeKLuRhhi_5Bfyk7AxS6QWRVuVMbbYg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>IT Lesson 20/10/16</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We have not completed the second additional task additional task on the 'FUZE' project.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To work on this task, (It is a long one)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>I could not finish my target as my partner was working on his blog the whole time which delayed the amount of work I finished.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I had to work on my own for this lesson as my partner was fixing his blog which I could have done so I worked slower but I seemed to get the code correct looking at the code myself as It is hard to pick up everything my partner was saying to me therefore, we made a couple of mistakes.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that of course, having no partner for the whole lesson limited my learning, at least I know the strategies on working by myself if I am ever on my own again, considering that we will carry on with the 'FUZE' project in the second half of the term. I need to work on working by myself.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that having my partner working with me would be good and next lesson, I need to improve working by myself, whatever we do next half term. I think I will do well though if I just stay focused.

Overall, this was a good Lesson on the ‘FUZE’ project.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


